Moderator: And
Moderator: that with you one more time I've started recording. So I'd just like to confirm. Are you comfortable if I record my screen and audio. As we talk today.
P7: Yes, I am.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. And are you comfortable if we decided to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with other Va partners. If we remove any identifying information in that clip.
P7: Yes, I agree to that.
Moderator: Alright. Thank you so much.
Moderator: Okay. So before we take a look at that form, I have a few questions for you.
Moderator: Is it correct that you are enrolled in the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers?
P7: Yes, I am.
Moderator: Okay, and my records say that you applied or enrolled over 2 years ago. Is that correct?
P7: Yes, that's correct.
Moderator: Okay, about how long ago do you think.
P7: It's cool, actually,
P7: closer to the 3 year side. Now. It's probably about the 2 years and 8 months. Something like that.
P7: Couldn't tell you the exact time I just know around when it was it was after.
P7: you know, after, like the Covid thing and all that kind of stuff. So.
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay, that's perfect.
Moderator: If you were going to explain the caregiver program to someone who was interested in enrolling, how would you explain it?
P7: Well, that's a good question. I would explain it, I mean, obviously,
P7: you. It's sort of anything to do with being a caregiver for somebody else is like a volunteer kind of thing that
P7: you you gotta be prepared to help out in any way possible. And
P7: dealing with the Va. Was something I was not used to, even though I was a veteran myself.
P7: I wasn't used to going through the paperwork or the the sign up kind of things with,
P7: you know, for someone else. And it, it was an experience in the beginning for me, because I really didn't know what I was doing.
P7: but I found it that it was
P7: easier than I thought. Let's put it that way.
Moderator: Okay.
P7: You know I I really didn't know what I was doing in the beginning, but like, if you're taking care of anybody and you're looking to help out someone and
P7: be their voice, or whatever you. However, you would like to, you know, phrase it, I you've got to do what you have to do so.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much. Are you familiar with the concept of a primary and a secondary caregiver?
P7: in the real world, not so much like in the Va. World. Yes, I've I've had to do that within family and stuff like that. So yeah.
Moderator: Do you know which one you're enrolled as with the Va.
P7: I'm like an I am not the primary.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: that's.
P7: There's a there's a family member. This is a like extended family member of mine. So
P7: they actually have, like a daughter who takes care of their everyday medical kind of decisions and things like that.
P7: I'm the one that gets like the job done. I'm I'm the
P7: on the wheels and the the body. You know what I mean. They get to grease the wheel. You know what I mean.
Moderator: Gotcha do you know if their daughter is enrolled as primary caregiver or caregiver at all
Moderator: with the Va.
P7: Not with the Va. No, she strictly on on the personal side of financial things, and like
P7: owning and taking care of the House and bills, and
P7: you know, if there was a serious medical decision was like a life or death thing that would not be on me
P7: then it probably wouldn't even be on the Va. If you wound up being in a local hospital. It's like a do not resuscitate kind of stuff.
P7: I'm not involved in any of that kind of stuff.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: gotcha
Moderator: so do you remember how you enrolled for the program? And completed the caregiver form of signing up.
P7: And.
Moderator: Veteran. If that was in person or online.
P7: I kind of did everything online. I, I believe I,
P7: I believe I got on the website 1st to like, look up some questions about basically a how to.
P7: like, you know, go through the process. And I I think I had some questions, and if I recall
P7: there was a like a 1, 800 hotline or something, where I actually had some questions where I got to speak to a human being, one on one.
P7: and they kind of helped guide me through the process, and
P7: they were there for me if I had any further questions, but I kind of like
P7: worked it out and figured it out most of everything on my own, but I had a few questions, and
P7: and they were helpful enough to, you know. Get me through the bumps.
Moderator: Thank you.
Moderator: Do you remember what you did in preparation for completing that form, and actually enrolling like any information you looked up or.
P7: Well, I had to take number one all all the the you know, the actual veterans of all the information I had to get a list of like what I was going to be, what was needed
P7: to fill out the form and then
P7: try to accomplish that task which it was a little difficult to get all the
P7: you know information. Dd, 2 forms and all this kind of stuff. And you know
P7: I got it done. It just wasn't a simple, simple process in the beginning. So.
P7: and it was just in the long run easier than I really enjoy.
Moderator: So what seemed complicated about it@firstst
P7: I've just
P7: the volume of information needed. You know.
P7: when you're dealing with somebody that's having a problem. That doesn't comprehend.
Moderator: Your audio cut out!
P7: Accurate information. Things like
P7: dude
P7: doing took a few hands in the, you know, in the pop to
P7: but
P7: it was, you know it was workable, but it was difficult. It was just not simple.
Moderator: Okay. Gotcha.
P7: When people have, you know, some people have cognitive issues, and that along with other medical issues, you know, real physical issues. That would. That's
P7: it makes it the process a little harder. But like I said, there was help there, and there was a place to go, for if I had questions, and you know I probably couldn't have got through it without it. So.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Your audio is cutting out a little bit. I think I gathered that, though. If that happens again, I may have to have you repeat something, but you're good now.
P7: Okay.
Moderator: So did you complete that online form on your own? Or did you have help from someone like an accredited representative or a Vso or other source.
P7: No, I did it myself.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there anything else that you'd like to share about your experience applying for the caregiver program, good or bad.
P7: Well, I
P7: that
P7: that other than
P7: I'm sure it has evolved and gotten better since my like almost 3 years ago.
P7: I'm sure they knew ways of doing things that that's
P7: sped up the process or made it easier or simpler. So you know, as opposed to what it was almost 3 years ago to what it is now. I'm sure it's a better process. You've probably fixed some, taken some bugs out of this system and
P7: make things a little easier, you know, accessible. So
P7: you know, looking back on it like I said, I really, I thought it was going to be a daunting task, and it really wasn't half as bad as I perceived it to be, and I'm sure it's much better now.
P7: So.
P7: having done a couple other zoom things about other parts of the veteran experience.
P7: I have seen other things they've implemented in the last couple of years that are
P7: made things a lot better for the veterans, and a lot better for everybody when you know everything's more workable. And
P7: you know, people like me, they'd have to are kind of like on the inside, but also the outside of it.
P7: We we find that really helpful to make our job easy. You know, I got to get them to the Va. That's where my main job is to make, you know, to clear the path, to get them help
P7: and services when they need them. And
P7: oh, that! That's that's the key thing to have it like it'd be a, you know, a smooth path, you know. That's
P7: you know the people are caregivers, that's that's all we get.
P7: Have not help us help them. So.
Moderator: Yes. Are you involved with the Va. In any other capacity, or just as a caregiver and a veteran yourself?
P7: I do a lot of
P7: things like at my local American Legion.
P7: I'm 1 of the drivers I volunteer every month. They give us a list that I'm going to need.
P7: They would
P7: and we get. We provide rides, you know, transportation. And we have a group of guys, and we take turns with
P7: we whenever the name comes up on a list. So and so. Jack needs a ride on Tuesday. Who's available the 14th of the month, you know, for 8 am. Or at 9 am. And yeah, I volunteer that way. So.
Moderator: That's awesome. Thank you so much for doing that.
P7: Well, I'm a veteran, you know. By the grace of God, I'm not one of those guys. I'm I'm I'm you know, Mobile. I can get around. I'm you know, 72, and very active. So
P7: you know, I'm 1 of the lucky ones.
Moderator: Oh, that's great!
Moderator: Alright. So now we're gonna take a look at that form. I'm gonna post the link to our testing site in the Zoom chat.
Moderator: Let me know if you need help finding that I know it's a little funky on the poll.
P7: Let me get my glasses on here.
P7: Okay.
Moderator: Do you got that link open on your phone.
P7: Yeah, apply for the program of a comprehensive assistance for family caregivers.
Moderator: Perfect. Now I would like you to share your screen with me in zoom. So you have to go back to the zoom window on your phone.
P7: Oh, gosh! Here we go! Now! Here's where I'm challenged.
Moderator: Time I'll try to help.
P7: Just what do I do? Just arrow back from here, or something.
Moderator: You wanna go back to the zoom application on your phone. See me.
P7: I'm going back to where I signed in.
Moderator: Well, you wanna go back to, maybe maybe worries. Yep, that should be it. Cause now I can see your face
Moderator: and then you wanna share that
Moderator: screen that has, like the form open. So I should be.
P7: How do I care about.
Moderator: Do you see a green button that says share at the bottom in the zoom window.
P7: Who can see your messages? It says.
P7: Okay.
P7: did that do anything.
Moderator: No, not yet. Do you see the like? You may have to tap the screen for a toolbar to come up at the bottom of the zoom window.
Moderator: and then there should be a green button that says Share, and it has, like an arrow that points up.
P7: I only got this little thing at the bottom, and it's
P7: says, who can see your messages recording on? And it says, Hit, okay, I guess.
P7: and that's
P7: that's kind of like all I have on my screen. Nothing's coming up from the bottom other than that.
Moderator: Okay, what if you just like? Sometimes you have.
P7: What if I hit the close button on this page where I'm at right now?
Moderator: Okay.
P7: Let's try that.
P7: There we go, that one back to you.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: try tapping the screen to try to get that toolbar to come up.
P7: Okay, I got it
P7: alright. I'm going to
P7: hit share. I got it.
Moderator: Okay? And then you wanna find the window where the the testing site is open and just share that with me.
P7: Okay, which one would that be? So I can share camera screen web. URL,
P7: document.
Moderator: If you do screen, I'm not sure what the web, URL one is. That might be
Moderator: I would do share, screen.
P7: Are recording or casting with zoom.
Moderator: Yep. And then just you have to hit like, okay or something.
P7: Okay.
P7: Hmm.
P7: I got. Now, I have you on the bottom right of the screen.
P7: It's loading.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: I still just see you.
P7: And now this brought up a bunch of
P7: apps.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: does it?
Moderator: Does it? Let you share that that window where the form is open?
P7: Down on the zoom, part.
Moderator: Yeah, it might be like.
P7: There we go. I clicked on. Zoom should be open now
P7: for sharing.
Moderator: Oh, it might you might be! You had to give permission for Zoom to share your screen.
P7: I have the button to the right, so we're
P7: Hello.
P7: I honestly don't know where to go from. Here.
Moderator: Okay.
P7: I have I hit? I hit the zoom I have gave permission, so.
Moderator: Should. Oh.
P7: I'm back with you now.
Moderator: Okay, it's working. I can see your screen. So I just need to open whatever browser you open that link in that I sent.
Moderator: There we go.
P7: Okay.
Moderator: Yay, okay. I see it.
P7: You got it.
Moderator: Thank you so much for your patience. Really appreciate it.
P7: That's okay. I'm a little. I'm a little challenged.
Moderator: Honestly, it's never really easy on Mobile especially, and if you don't use it every day, you know it's tough.
P7: All right.
P7: Okay, I got you. We're here.
Moderator: So I'd like you to kind of review this page here and tell me what your initial thoughts are, and the expectations of the form before going forward and applying.
P7: Okay, let me give it a quick scan here with my eyes and read it over a little.
Moderator: Take your time.
P7: Just gather your information for it. I seem to recall that.
Moderator: Yeah, from when you applied.
P7: Well, I believe it was something to that nature about gathering all your proper information. That kind of brings
P7: bring some to me of something I did.
Moderator: Gotcha.
P7: Yeah, there's then that's the caregiver support number. So
P7: that's that also rings true to me.
P7: Okay, this kind of looks a little lot. Some of this looks very familiar, so.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: does anything stand out to you on this page as being confusing or particularly helpful?
P7: Well, the helpful part, of course, is the having the
P7: the caregiver support Hotline, I guess you would call it. I I think that's like a really key thing, cause you.
P7: if you run into any obstacles along the way which, like I did you, it gives you someone you can actually speak to.
P7: So and then, you know, one thing I see here that I don't remember seeing is like, go to our career support program
P7: teams Directory. I don't remember
P7: seeing it like a directory, or if even being offered one back, then it may have been there, and I overlooked it. But
P7: I think that's like a real helpful thing to have like a directory like. So you could
P7: maybe direct yourself to exactly what you know, what you're looking for, or what you can't find, or what you know. You have a question about
P7: having a directory could save a lot of time, and may you might be able to look it up without making a phone call.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Gotcha.
P7: But yeah, this this looks
P7: vaguely familiar. Most of this, as far as like
P7: how to start the application, and all that kind of stuff.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: If you were to rate this page on a scale of one to 5, 1 being the worst 5 being the best.
Moderator: How prepared and informed. Do you think that this page makes you feel about the application you're about to begin.
P7: Oh, I would be! This would be like a 5 to me, because it gives you pretty much everything you need to know right here in front of you.
P7: you know, like I said, and if you came across something that could be an oddity or an unusual occurrence, you know you've got the hotline to call up and
P7: somebody to talk to.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: we can go ahead and start the application. Then.
P7: Okay, let me go down there.
Moderator: Okay, and I'm just gonna have you start filling out the form thinking aloud as much as possible.
Moderator: This is a test form, so you can put in real or fake information is up to you. But it's not. It's not a real form, so it will not go anywhere.
Moderator: I'll give you a fake social security number to put in when we get to those steps.
P7: I'm just use my name here for the heck of it, so.
Moderator: Okay. So here you can put 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
Moderator: I see you're kind of pausing on this one. Why is that.
P7: Okay.
P7: Oh, I gave you my code on here.
Moderator: So how would you prefer to search for a Va. Facility here.
P7: Well, if I was, you know, if I was doing this for myself, I'd be looking for the closest convenient facility
P7: if I've been doing this for somebody else than me as a caregiver. I'm kind of like locked into where they already have been.
P7: or been recommended to go to, or something. You know they've already. Most of these people have already spoken
P7: or been through the Va. At one time or another, whether with that been here or somewhere else.
P7: So I I would be looking for the most convenient like for here this week, like Philadelphia for me. So
P7: you know I'd be, I'd be typing in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Moderator: Okay, you can go ahead and do that.
Moderator: You're like very close to me. I'm in Levittown, PA.
P7: Hello! How are you? Yeah, I'm in. I'm in South Jersey, right over the bridge. So.
Moderator: Oh, your shirt!
Moderator: That's a cool town.
P7: Yeah, I'm I'm I'm close by.
Moderator: That's a huge medical facility.
Moderator: that Philly one.
P7: Yeah.
P7: What didn't I do right here?
P7: Select the Medical Center
P7: or postal code. I don't know a postal code for there. But
P7: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is all I could put in right
P7: while we're here.
P7: Okay, hitting the different places.
P7: Alright.
P7: it should sell me
P7: where to go.
Moderator: Yeah, I'm curious. Your thoughts about that page. Let's just go back real quickly.
Moderator: Thank you.
P7: Okay.
Moderator: And
Moderator: why did you choose the facility that you did.
P7: I I kind of like just pick the you know, place by
P7: convenience for directional purposes. For me, you know, getting from point A to Point B,
P7: that I think you know making it an informed decision when I did. That was kind of like, you know, I just
P7: I was looking for a place was easy to drive to.
Moderator: Okay.
P7: You know what I mean. But
P7: I guess if I was doing this for real.
P7: and I would be looking at what you know
P7: what is handled there, you know. Maybe specialized thing.
P7: you know what I mean.
Moderator: How would you find that.
P7: Well, I guess I click on the each facility that was offered there, and try to learn a little bit about what they, what services are provided there, and
P7: you know what my specialty might be like in
P7: you know. God forbid it was the person's an amputee or something.
P7: You know what I'm saying? Not every facility is going to have
P7: amputee.
P7: maybe certification. If you want to put it that way.
P7: You know what I mean. So I'd I'd be looking. I would have probably going on
P7: on the on the main website to see what places you know. Kind of match up the services I'm really looking for.
Moderator: Okay.
P7: And and then I would probably go back to this, and, you know, sign up for the place that was suggested to me.
P7: I don't know how I would find that out from here, from where I am on this like page
P7: or or the previous stage. I don't think it. It gives me that kind of ability to do that. I don't think it'd be nice if it did.
Moderator: Yeah, that's great feedback. Thank you.
Moderator: What if you wanted to change the facility that you selected and do a new search.
P7: Well, I guess I have to arrow back and make a change right? So I could go back.
P7: and I'd have to type in another.
P7: you know
P7: type in Philadelphia again, and then, you know, hit the spyglass thing and see where where different places are located in Philadelphia.
P7: Kind of run, run through the the list again that they gave me.
Moderator: Okay, you can go ahead and do that, please.
P7: Okay.
P7: alright. Looks like.
P7: for
P7: for the sake of this conversation, let's say.
P7: well, the next place that there I looked for was even closer, Camden, the Camden Va clinic. So
P7: I'll click on that and continue with that.
Moderator: Okay.
P7: And then she, you know, pops up the the address and
P7: the information for the Camden clinic, and
P7: because my assigned caregiver support facility.
Moderator: What do you.
P7: And.
Moderator: That.
P7: Well, I I
P7: I don't know what to think about. I don't. I don't believe that's anything I have a control over. Right? That's like an automated, pre-filled thing out right. If you I just get sent to whoever
P7: they decide is going to be my facility support right? I don't really have a choice without that delay.
Moderator: Okay, well, I'm just curious what your, what you.
P7: I mean, I'm asking you if if I was aware that like that, I had a choice, I might want to make one, but I'm not aware that that's even a possibility.
P7: So I would have to take what I see here for granted, and say, well, that that's who they say is my
P7: you know, support facility, and it is what it is.
P7: and that would be. That would be okay with me.
P7: You know what I mean. I just don't know if there's options to that or not. I I doesn't tell you here, and
P7: you know.
P7: other than the the need help thing. You know what I mean. So
P7: I guess if you had a had a problem with it, you could talk to somebody, live about it, and
P7: they would explain your options. I imagine.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So
Moderator: going to rate this process of selecting a Va facility, one to 5, 1 being the worst 5 being the best. How would you rate that process, and how easy it was to do.
P7: This was very easy. I read it to 5 2. This was much easier, so far, than what I originally went through so
P7: much easier, much easier.
Moderator: Okay, we can keep going. Then.
P7: Okay.
Moderator: Now, what does the term primary caregiver mean to you?
P7: To me. That's the person who is like the final say
P7: in the in the family, if, of course, you know, if they have family, or whoever they've designated to
P7: take care of, like their.
P7: you know their final wishes, no matter whether that means like death or you know how, where they're going to be treated, and how they're going to be treated. And
P7: you know there do not resuscitate plans. All that is like, whoever they care to be their primary person. I never figured myself as a primary person unless there's somebody in my family that asked me to be
P7: so.
Moderator: Okay.
P7: Like. I say, I see myself as a transportation means and a
P7: yeah, I'm a caregiver in a lot of other ways, too. But you know what I mean.
P7: The ultimate caregiver is the person who's going to have to make the hard decision somewhere along the line, and that's usually, you know.
P7: somebody very close the closest one in the family to them.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Gotcha.
Moderator: So let's go through as though you're adding a primary caregiver to this application and keep going through the form.
P7: Okay,
P7: I'm I'm gonna apply then. But you want me to apply here as the primary care group.
Moderator: Yes, please.
P7: Okay
P7: I would be. I'd be going repeating myself, putting all my information back in again.
Moderator: Yeah, we'll just have to put a different social security number.
P7: Yeah, it's okay. Well, I'll make. I'll throw my own in one. Don't worry about it. I'm not worried about anybody stealing my info. I could care less.
Moderator: Absolutely will not. We will.
P7: I'm not worried about it. There's nothing you can get from me. It doesn't matter. So I'm I'm fine with it. If I can't trust you guys. I can't trust anybody
P7: for the sake of this thing. I'm gonna say, I'm the son. Okay.
Moderator: Okay.
P7: Because that's probably who would be mine to be honest with you.
P7: and I'll go back
P7: beat that
P7: cool.
Moderator: Okay, so what does a secondary caregiver mean to you?
Moderator: Excuse me.
P7: Well, it's like, you know, to me it's just a backup plan for the for the
P7: primary caregiver. So in case that they're incapacitated, or
P7: you know, whatever out of the country, or
P7: whatever somebody that would have secondary
P7: responsibility.
Moderator: Okay. And how do you think that that secondary role differs in the application process and the benefits from the primary caregiver.
P7: That's a good question. I have no idea how that would affect an application.
P7: I I'm only thinking about it in a legal sense.
P7: you know.
P7: you know. Quite frankly I went through this with my mother and my sister.
P7: and she was a primary, and I was a secondary, and my sister was out, and my mom was put on a ventilator.
P7: and I had to make a call. So I can only think about it from a legal sense.
P7: Yeah.
P7: as far as this goes, I really don't know how you handle that from the Va's end.
P7: I would think.
P7: you have to have some kind of a declaration, don't you?
P7: Isn't there a declaration of like, Who's in? Who's number one on the list? And who's number 2.
Moderator: Yeah, I'm just curious how you think that would work.
P7: That's how I think it should be. I think it should. It should be like there should be a declaration going into
P7: any of these kind of things when you.
P7: you know, when you apply for stuff like this.
P7: you gotta have a primary person, and it's clearly stated they're the primary. And you know you know Bob's the primary, and Joe is the secondary.
P7: Should it come to that, or you know.
P7: and I just believe it's got to be pre-spelled out, just like having a do not resuscitate or anything else. You know.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Gotcha. Thank you.
Moderator: I just wanna flag that we are like. 3 min from when the the scheduled session was to end. I can go over a little bit, but I wanted to see if you need. If you have a hard stop at 11.
P7: I'm okay. You know I'm I'm with you.
Moderator: You can go over a little bit.
P7: Sure.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Alright. Let's go with.
P7: Now, where do you want me to go from here? Do you want me to? Just
P7: would you like to apply for benefits for secondary, for no
P7: continue
P7: application signature.
P7: I'm a representative. Continue.
Moderator: It's okay. If you need to answer that.
P7: It's all right. Yeah.
P7: one of my veteran buddies actually calling me right there.
P7: So I must upload a file
P7: for the sake of this thing. I I don't have a file to upload, so.
Moderator: Yeah, that's okay. Are you the legal representative for the veteran.
P7: Well in this, in this particular thing that we just filed. I'm being like the son of the veteran, right? So.
Moderator: So you're well in in real life, are you? The legal representative for career veteran.
P7: I am not the legal representative. I am his Va. Representative. So
P7: what's that mean?
Moderator: Well, that's just good to know that that's kind of your understanding of it.
Moderator: Yeah.
P7: In other words, I'm not. I'm not like you know I can't. I can't decide whether to pull the plug about this guy or nothing like that. But
P7: I'm I'm his voice for the Va.
P7: okay, that's what I consider my my duty and my what I'm doing with diva as a caregiver is I'm his voice and representative.
P7: That's how I look at it. I mean.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so would you have anything to upload if you came to this page.
P7: Like a file or something of a declaration. No.
Moderator: Okay.
P7: I would not have anything.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: So let's go back a step.
Moderator: and you will just have to put that. You're the veteran signing for yourself to get that step.
P7: Okay.
Moderator: Okay. So just take a look over this page and tell me what your impressions are.
P7: Can I click on these things and see what they say inside, like the veterans, information, and all that.
Moderator: Whatever you would naturally do
Moderator: if you were filling out the form.
P7: Yeah, that's what I would do.
P7: All the caregiver information application.
P7: See here, it spells right out. Secondary family caregiver.
P7: Oh.
Moderator: Okay, what would you do if you needed to correct something?
P7: Well, I guess I'd have to go back to where I made a mistake and correct it from there, and I found out once I got to this screen that I made a mistake
P7: in the previous screen. I might have to, you know. Go back
P7: and adjust. You know the information.
Moderator: Keep going through this page.
P7: Okay.
Moderator: What do you think about that.
P7: I think it's
P7: think it's pretty well spelled out what your responsibilities and what expectations are here, as far as being a caregiver.
Moderator: Okay.
P7: I don't see much.
P7: you know.
P7: Doubt of what what you're signing up to do here.
Moderator: Okay.
P7: I think you you, if you read this thing properly, and you got an understanding of the English language, you pretty much know your
P7: you're you know you're pretty much the the representative was when it comes to the Va.
P7: To anything else. Maybe not. But for the Va. You are.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So I want you to fill it out
Moderator: as though you were completing the form.
P7: Go back here.
P7: Oh, I didn't put the junior in.
P7: Here we go.
P7: What's my problem here? I'm not making a capital Y or something. What's it
P7: unless.
Moderator: Yeah, what would you do to correct that.
P7: I'm gonna try to have to go back and
P7: go to the capital Y and drop to Junior.
Moderator: And what would be your comfort, level with filling out and signing this information without all of the people who are involved, present.
P7: I'm comfortable doing it. I just get
P7: I get annoyed
P7: when I have to keep going, when I have to keep going back and redoing stuff. I'm I don't have the greatest
P7: amount of patience. I'm not one of those kind of patient people I'm
P7: you know I'm not. I'm you know, even when I'm doing my own medical information and stuff, I'm I'm not the best guy for patients. I
P7: I find a lot of it redundant, and
P7: we have a.
Moderator: Yeah, are you just referring to these errors that are popping up, or anything else.
P7: Anytime I have to fill anything. It takes me longer than like 5 min to do it. I'm
P7: I'm I'm out of my comfort zone.
P7: If I go to fill out anything in any kind of way that takes me more than 5 min.
P7: my attention span don't go much longer than that. And I, I get kind of like.
P7: you know.
P7: yeah, Antsy.
P7: alright, submit the application.
P7: It's not letting me. Okay, what's going on here.
Moderator: Yeah, I'm gonna have you just try to figure out why it won't, and then then we'll be
Moderator: finish with this part.
P7: Well, let me see here I'm I'm so confused over what I originally did, put in without myself.
P7: All right.
P7: So my original thing back here. Let's go back to this.
Moderator: That's still not clear. Why, it's Pop giving you an error.
P7: It's not clear to me. It says your signature must match previously entered. Name Robert Yoakam, Jr. So I got it all capitalized the way it was
P7: I hit the I certified things required.
P7: Let me go down to the next thing. It looks like it should be right.
P7: It's not. I have no idea what's not. Why, it isn't.
Moderator: Okay, that's really helpful. Feedback. Appreciate it.
P7: Okay, I mean, I'm I'm looking at what it's telling me. It's telling me it must match Robert Yoakam, Jr.
P7: Capital, R. Capital, y. Junior, and I have that the way it's supposed to be.
Moderator: Yeah, I think.
P7: Oh, wait a minute. Let me. Let's just put a capital J here and see if that makes a difference.
P7: Doesn't look what's appear to.
Moderator: Yeah, I think it's probably because of the period
Moderator: that's missing. But it's really good to see you like try to go through this. So we can.
P7: Is that what it is? The period man.
Moderator: Yeah.
P7: Alright.
P7: So what it was. I didn't even see the period. That's how bad my eyes are.
Moderator: No, it's we need to make sure that this works for everyone of all ages and abilities. So it's really helpful.
P7: All right.
Moderator: Well, we're good on this. I'm going to share the last page because you can't get to the confirmation page in the testing site.
Moderator: So I will share, and it will just stop. It will stop your screen from sharing.
P7: Alright, so I gotta go back to take the share off.
Moderator: I can. I'm able to like take it away from you, so you don't have to figure out how to do that.
P7: I'm going back to the screen where I can see you as of right now.
P7: Okay, I got it.
Moderator: Do you see my screen? It says.
P7: Yep.
Moderator: Okay. So I want you to just kinda take a look through this page and let me know
Moderator: any thoughts or
Moderator: expectations you're having here.
Moderator: Just tell me if I'm not scrolling fast enough
Moderator: or too fast.
P7: That's all right. We're doing good.
P7: Okay?
P7: So I wanna, I probably had need to print this page for my records.
Moderator: Sorry I'm trying to.
P7: It's all right.
Moderator: Scroll down, and it's being a little wonky.
Moderator: And why it's doing that. Let me share it again.
Moderator: Just did this to me yesterday.
Moderator: No! No!
Moderator: Hi!
Moderator: Sorry! One moment.
P7: It's all right.
Moderator: Let me try.
P7: Technology, technology, you gotta love it.
Moderator: Yeah, it's just like not
Moderator: holy cow. I'm gonna refresh it.
P7: You do this every day.
Moderator: Well, just during the study, not every day.
P7: I mean you do studies a lot, though I mean yourself.
Moderator: We do them like a few times a year. They're a big process.
Moderator: Okay, I think it's letting me scroll down now. It's just being a little Wonky.
Moderator: Alright, so take a look at the rest of this page. Here.
P7: Okay.
P7: okay, you go up.
Moderator: That's the bottom.
P7: Okay, this is kind of self explanatory. So the key thing being that
P7: like, then on this, that I see is what what if your application is denied, and what what are your options, and how do you go through that process? Which is.
P7: you know.
P7: probably the main part of this whole thing was.
P7: if you're accepted, you're going to print it out, and you're going to have everything your your info. But in case you are denied, you need to find out what the process is.
P7: what your options are.
Moderator: Okay, so what do you think comes next in the process
Moderator: after you see this Confirmation page.
P7: I would imagine you're going to get a an email confirmation.
P7: a follow up email, confirmation or something from the Va
P7: you know
P7: about your
P7: entrance into the into the program, or and
P7: what can be where you're going to hear who you're
P7: want to hear from next. So whether it be or
P7: you know
P7: the facility you're you were directed to, or the
P7: the group that manages that facilities. I I would imagine you're going to hear from somebody.
P7: you know, as far as what's the next step.
P7: How do you begin? How do you begin your journey with the Va.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: And is there anything that you'd want to see here that you don't.
P7: No, because you you kind of hit the, you know, touch base on every little kind of thing here that you would, really
P7: you. You can't expect any more than what you have here, because until somebody contacts you, you really don't know where you're going and what's how it's going to start until somebody.
P7: you know, once you're in the system, you know, you start the system right?
P7: Okay? So that's that's how I feel about it. I think you know you'd be
P7: once, you know, like everything is confirmed. Your information is correct.
P7: They've, you know, either accepted or denied your application.
P7: you know. Let's say they accepted it. Now you're going to get some kind of a confirmation from
P7: okay, we're going to expect you to be able to. Here's a
P7: here's a monthly, you know. Whatever calendar or schedule for appointments. When would you like? When can we make your 1st appointment? And you know whether it be an intake, you know. It's your 1st 1st thing where you come in and have it like an intake and evaluation. That's all you've got. You got to kind of wait for them. The balls in their court at that point.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: great. Thank you. So much for that feedback. I'm gonna stop sharing my screen. Now. I just have a couple of final questions for you, and then we're we're all done.
P7: Okay.
Moderator: On time.
P7: Yeah, fine.
Moderator: Okay, so what research do you think you would have wanted to do before applying and completing a form like this?
P7: my research would have been on the the actual veterans end of getting making sure I have
P7: all his proper information, so I would have got like. I said I would want to go to a website there with their website.
P7: you know, like
P7: and look for something says what I need.
P7: What will you need to fill out this application with some kind of a list? Just like if I, if I want to go get a driver's license. I need 6 forms of identification, you know. I would like to see some kind of a list of things that you need. I could get off the website, then acquire those things with the veteran or with the family.
P7: make sure I have all my ducks in line, you know. Then go back to the website, enter all the things, make sure I have everything that I need, the 1st 10 things I need.
P7: Then let me make sure I have all 10. Don't go back on there and waste time.
P7: you know, until I know that I have everything that's required of me, and then I think it's with
P7: you. You see, I went through that pretty easy blind. So I mean I I think it's very doable for the average person.
P7: and even even me with little patience. But like, if I was concentrating, it was on a big screen, and
P7: I probably would have caught that period. But you know.
P7: it's just like anything else. I think you got to be well prepared before you attempt to do stuff like this. And the biggest problem with veterans are, and I'll tell you, honest to God, truth.
P7: they hate this kind of stuff.
P7: That's why they don't do it. That's why they get somebody like me to do it
P7: because they hate it.
P7: They absolutely deter and hate this process.
P7: They just want to be taken care of. They served our country. Why can't somebody just
P7: get me in there and get to take care of me? They they hate this process and
P7: because it's a daunting thing they don't have. They don't want to be bothered with all this, they just want to be taken care of, so
P7: the easier
P7: and accessible you can make it for those who do wind up
P7: sitting through. This is, and I I see
P7: great efforts in a lot of different directions with Dva, and you know, with care and the ability to pick doctors. And you know, stuff that's been changing in the Va. So it's an evolving thing it's always going to be. There's always going to be
P7: little bugs in the system, but it's getting so much better
P7: and the simpler we can make it for for families and and veterans to get the help they need.
P7: You know, there's something it'll be for everybody.
P7: You know. The actual care is not. The problem is getting the care.
P7: qualifying for the care. And you know.
Moderator: Yeah, thank you so much for that feedback.
Moderator: What were your thoughts on the amount of information provided in this form? Did you think it was too much too little, or just.
P7: No, no, I actually I thought it was
P7: very underwhelming. It wasn't overwhelming at all. There was no no thing of it that I thought was a long drawn out kind of experience.
P7: I thought it was pretty quick and straightforward. It was like, if you came in prepared to do this. Boom! Boom! Boom! You could. You could have this done like 1015 min, and you're out, you know.
P7: you know. But you know, be prepared like anything else. Be prepared before you sit down to do it, and then you'll get through it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Is there any additional information about who qualifies to be a primary or a secondary caregiver that you would like to see in this form.
P7: Oh.
P7: no, I don't think I'm like qualified to say who should be or could be. It's really it's up to the veteran for them to designate the person they feel most confident in. And as long as they're they have their wits about them and their their cognitive and their decision making.
P7: It's up to them to put the person forward. They think it is in the best interest of them to get help with
P7: like, I said. If it's a do or die situation, it's always going to be blood and family. But sometimes there's other people that have some experience in the process
P7: where the family doesn't. Then it can, kinda like, you know, expedite this thing a little quicker, and
P7: having been through it.
P7: you know, already myself, but obviously take on another caregiver Guy.
P7: I would have no qualms. It wouldn't intimidate me one second, you know, to represent more than 1, 2, or 3 different veterans. It wouldn't matter to me if they have confidence in me that I can help them. That's what I like to do, so
P7: I think everything is.
P7: Believe me, this is getting so much better.
P7: My hat's off to the people that you know. Try to simplify this and streamline it. It's
P7: you just have to realize when I give you the intake I'm giving you. I'm telling you. Veterans hate this.
P7: They hate this rigmarole of what they have to go through to get the things they deserve.
P7: and they, and rightly so they think. You know I said, my country, I deserve.
P7: You know. I gotta come 1st and they, you know, they put themselves up a little high on the pedestal, but
P7: they just have a hard time with all this paperwork. It's a daunting thing. And why do I gotta explain this? And, oh, my God, I I gotta look up this, and you know.
P7: just make it for them the better it is for everyone. So.
P7: But yeah, I thank the Va. And and and
P7: for years they didn't do a lot or enough. Let's put it that way. And now there's been a really concerted effort.
P7: and people like me that are kind of involved in it. See it so just so. People know that we we do recognize the
P7: the things that are about, how things are going forward in a positive manner. So
P7: you know, put that in the report.
P7: We see it.
Moderator: Yeah, really appreciate the feedback. And it's great to hear from you. You know, someone who interacts with so many other veterans that's really helpful.
Moderator: I just wanna circle back and reconfirm. Are you comfortable? If we were to use a video clip of this session with our V 8 partners
Moderator: removing any identifying information.
P7: I'm perfectly okay with that.
P7: Come on.
Moderator: Is there any part of our discussion you wouldn't want shared in a video book.
P7: No problem with any of it. It's open book. Take whatever you need to use.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: well, we really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us. That feedback is so helpful
Moderator: so we can keep improving it.
P7: You and thank you guys for your
P7: thank you for your hard work and what you're doing to make things better. Believe me, it's it's appreciated. When I tell some of the guys at the
P7: American League things. Would they be had? They asked me all the time.
P7: You know, this is like the 3rd or 4th one I've done in in like the last couple of years or so. So
P7: you know they've always asked me, are they coming.
Moderator: Well, we really appreciate it, Peregee. And
Moderator: so the invite for this is also going to send you an email with a Thank you, and there will be a little blurb in there that you can pass along to other veterans and caregivers. If you know anyone who might want to participate in research studies like this.
P7: Great.
Moderator: Great. Thank you so much.
P7: You so much.
Moderator: Rest of your day.
P7: You have a great day. Thank you again. Bye-bye.